Module: German Language Support Module
Author: Oliver Riesen <oliver@riesen.org>

Provides website specific text replacing for core and module language files,
alternative terms for some key terms and an extended format for notification
emails. Only German language support!

Tested on version 5.2.20

This file ist part of the German Language Files Package
See also: docs/language-german-readme.txt

Diese Datei ist Teil des Deutschen Sprachpakets
Siehe auch: docs/language-german-readme.txt


License:
-------

Free to use, modify, or redistribute this code so long as I am given credit for
the original development somewhere. This code comes with absolutely no warranty.


Installation:
------------

This module is part of the German Language Files Package. See installation
instructions in: docs/language-german-readme.txt.

After installation of the German Language Files Package:

1. Optional: Login as administrator in Phorum´s administrative interface and go
   to the "Modules" section.

2. Optional: Enable the "German Language Support Module".


Module settings:
---------------

1. Select translation for "Buddy"

Select one of the offered translations for "Buddy": Buddy, Freund/Freundin,
Kollege/Kollegin, Kumpel/Bekannte or Kontakt.

The default value is "Kontakt".

2. Select translation for "Sticky"

Select one of the offered translations for "Sticky": Festgepinnt, Pickert
[österr.][ugs.], Sticky or Wichtig.

The default value is "Wichtig".

3. Format of notification emails

Select a format for the notification emails send to users. Standard format
provides only a link to the new topic. Extended format includes additional the
topic text.

The default value is "Extended".


Language support:
----------------

This module supports only German language.


Sanity Checks:
-------------

If you have problems with this module login as administrator in Phorum´s
administrative interface and go to the "System Sanity Checks" section. Check
for warnings or errors for the German Language Support Module.


